FontDame GSUB table

% GDEF Mark attachment class from glyph classes required!!

feature table begin
0	akhn	akhn-mlm2
1	akhn	akhn_MAL-mlm2
2	pref	pref-mlm2,pref-formsfix-mlm2
3	pstf	post-forms-mlm2,post-formsfix-mlm2
4	psts	fixdoublela2-mlm2,laligatures-mlm2,raoverlaps-mlm2,fixReph-mlym,vedic-mlym,switchVedic0-mlym,switchVedic1-mlym,otheroverlaps-mlm2,switchVedic1bis-mlym,switchVedic2-mlym,switchVedic3-mlym,splitVedic-mlym,music-mlym
5	akhn	akhn-mlm
6	akhn	akhn_MAL-mlm
7	half	half-mlym
8	blwf	below-forms-mlym,below-formfix-mlym
9	pstf	post-forms-mlym
10	psts	below-formfixlala-mlym,post-formfix-mlym,fixdoublela2-mlym,laligatures-mlm2,raoverlaps-mlym,fixReph-mlym,vedic-mlym,switchVedic0-mlym,switchVedic1-mlym,otheroverlaps-mlm2,switchVedic1bis-mlym,switchVedic2-mlym,switchVedic3-mlym,splitVedic-mlym,music-mlym
11	haln	haln-mlym
12	rlig	music-mlym
feature table end


script table begin
mlm2	default		0,2,3,4,12
mlm2	MAL		1,2,3,4,12
mlym	default		5,7,8,9,10,11,12
mlym	MAL		6,7,8,9,10,11,12
script table end


% akhn (common) ----------------------------------


lookup	akhn-mlm2	ligature

kassamlym	kamlym	viramamlym	ssamlym
janyamlym	jamlym	viramamlym	nyamlym
kakamlym	kamlym	viramamlym	kamlym
katamlym	kamlym	viramamlym	tamlym
gagamlym	gamlym	viramamlym	gamlym
gamamlym	gamlym	viramamlym	mamlym
ganamlym	gamlym	viramamlym	namlym
ngakalamlym	ngamlym	viramamlym	kamlym	viramamlym	lamlym
ngakamlym	ngamlym	viramamlym	kamlym
ngangamlym	ngamlym	viramamlym	ngamlym
cacamlym	camlym	viramamlym	camlym
cachamlym	camlym	viramamlym	chamlym
jajamlym	jamlym	viramamlym	jamlym
nyacamlym	nyamlym	viramamlym	camlym
nyanyamlym	nyamlym	viramamlym	nyamlym
ttattamlym	ttamlym	viramamlym	ttamlym
ddaddamlym	ddamlym	viramamlym	ddamlym
nnaddamlym	nnamlym	viramamlym	ddamlym
nnamamlym	nnamlym	viramamlym	mamlym
nnannamlym	nnamlym	viramamlym	nnamlym
nnattamlym	nnamlym	viramamlym	ttamlym
tabhamlym	tamlym	viramamlym	bhamlym
tamamlym	tamlym	viramamlym	mamlym
tasamlym	tamlym	viramamlym	samlym
tatamlym	tamlym	viramamlym	tamlym
tathamlym	tamlym	viramamlym	thamlym
dadamlym	damlym	viramamlym	damlym
dadhamlym	damlym	viramamlym	dhamlym
nadamlym	namlym	viramamlym	damlym
nadhamlym	namlym	viramamlym	dhamlym
nanamlym	namlym	viramamlym	namlym
namamlym	namlym	viramamlym	mamlym
natamlym	namlym	viramamlym	tamlym
nathamlym	namlym	viramamlym	thamlym
papamlym	pamlym	viramamlym	pamlym
babamlym	bamlym	viramamlym	bamlym
mamamlym	mamlym	viramamlym	mamlym
mapamlym	mamlym	viramamlym	pamlym
rrarramlym	rramlym	viramamlym	rramlym
llallamlym	llamlym	viramamlym	llamlym
shacamlym	shamlym	viramamlym	camlym
shashamlym	shamlym	viramamlym	shamlym
sasamlym	samlym	viramamlym	samlym
sathamlym	samlym	viramamlym	thamlym
hamamlym	hamlym	viramamlym	mamlym
hanamlym	hamlym	viramamlym	namlym
nnachillumlym	nnamlym	viramamlym	u 200d
narramlym	namlym	viramamlym	u 200d	rramlym
nachillumlym	namlym	viramamlym	u 200d
rrachillumlym	ramlym	viramamlym	u 200d
lachillumlym	lamlym	viramamlym	u 200d
llachillumlym	llamlym	viramamlym	u 200d
sarrarramlym	samlym	viramamlym	rramlym	viramamlym	rramlym
% new
nyajamlym	nyamlym	viramamlym	jamlym
ddaddhamlym	ddamlym	viramamlym	ddhamlym
tanamlym	tamlym	viramamlym	namlym
narramlym	namlym	viramamlym	rramlym
lapamlym	lamlym	viramamlym	pamlym
narramlym	nachillumlym	viramamlym	rramlym
% optional
ganamlym	gamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	namlym
gamamlym	gamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	mamlym
tabhamlym	tamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	bhamlym
nathamlym	namlym	u 200d	viramamlym	thamlym
lapamlym	lamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	pamlym
sathamlym	samlym	u 200d	viramamlym	thamlym
hanamlym	hamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	namlym
hamamlym	hamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	mamlym
% exclusive optional
kattamlym	kamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	ttamlym
badamlym	bamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	damlym
badhamlym	bamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	dhamlym
ssattamlym	ssamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	ttamlym
gadamlym	gamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	damlym
nyachamlym	nyamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	chamlym
nnaddhamlym	nnamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	ddhamlym
shachamlym	shamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	chamlym
% lafix
lalamlym	lamlym	viramamlym	lamlym
kalamlym	kamlym	viramamlym	lamlym
galamlym	gamlym	viramamlym	lamlym
palamlym	pamlym	viramamlym	lamlym
phalamlym	phamlym	viramamlym	lamlym
balamlym	bamlym	viramamlym	lamlym
malamlym	mamlym	viramamlym	lamlym
shalamlym	shamlym	viramamlym	lamlym
salamlym	samlym	viramamlym	lamlym
halamlym	hamlym	viramamlym	lamlym
% new
valamlym	vamlym	viramamlym	lamlym
talamlym	tamlym	viramamlym	lamlym
yayamlym	yamlym	viramamlym	yamlym
vavamlym	vamlym	viramamlym	vamlym
mapalamlym	mamlym	viramamlym	pamlym	viramamlym	lamlym
% 1/320 fraction
patamlym	pamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	tamlym

lookup end


lookup	akhn_MAL-mlm2	ligature

kassamlym	kamlym	viramamlym	ssamlym
janyamlym	jamlym	viramamlym	nyamlym
kakamlym	kamlym	viramamlym	kamlym
katamlym	kamlym	viramamlym	tamlym
%kattamlym	kamlym	viramamlym	ttamlym
gagamlym	gamlym	viramamlym	gamlym
gamamlym	gamlym	viramamlym	mamlym
ganamlym	gamlym	viramamlym	namlym
ngakalamlym	ngamlym	viramamlym	kamlym	viramamlym	lamlym
ngakamlym	ngamlym	viramamlym	kamlym
ngangamlym	ngamlym	viramamlym	ngamlym
cacamlym	camlym	viramamlym	camlym
cachamlym	camlym	viramamlym	chamlym
jajamlym	jamlym	viramamlym	jamlym
nyacamlym	nyamlym	viramamlym	camlym
nyanyamlym	nyamlym	viramamlym	nyamlym
ttattamlym	ttamlym	viramamlym	ttamlym
ddaddamlym	ddamlym	viramamlym	ddamlym
nnaddamlym	nnamlym	viramamlym	ddamlym
nnamamlym	nnamlym	viramamlym	mamlym
nnannamlym	nnamlym	viramamlym	nnamlym
nnattamlym	nnamlym	viramamlym	ttamlym
tabhamlym	tamlym	viramamlym	bhamlym
tamamlym	tamlym	viramamlym	mamlym
tasamlym	tamlym	viramamlym	samlym
tatamlym	tamlym	viramamlym	tamlym
tathamlym	tamlym	viramamlym	thamlym
dadamlym	damlym	viramamlym	damlym
dadhamlym	damlym	viramamlym	dhamlym
nadamlym	namlym	viramamlym	damlym
nadhamlym	namlym	viramamlym	dhamlym
nanamlym	namlym	viramamlym	namlym
namamlym	namlym	viramamlym	mamlym
natamlym	namlym	viramamlym	tamlym
nathamlym	namlym	viramamlym	thamlym
papamlym	pamlym	viramamlym	pamlym
babamlym	bamlym	viramamlym	bamlym
%badamlym	bamlym	viramamlym	damlym
%badhamlym	bamlym	viramamlym	dhamlym
mamamlym	mamlym	viramamlym	mamlym
mapamlym	mamlym	viramamlym	pamlym
rrarramlym	rramlym	viramamlym	rramlym
llallamlym	llamlym	viramamlym	llamlym
shacamlym	shamlym	viramamlym	camlym
shashamlym	shamlym	viramamlym	shamlym
%ssattamlym	ssamlym	viramamlym	ttamlym
sasamlym	samlym	viramamlym	samlym
sathamlym	samlym	viramamlym	thamlym
hamamlym	hamlym	viramamlym	mamlym
hanamlym	hamlym	viramamlym	namlym
nnachillumlym	nnamlym	viramamlym	u 200d
narramlym	namlym	viramamlym	u 200d	rramlym
nachillumlym	namlym	viramamlym	u 200d
rrachillumlym	ramlym	viramamlym	u 200d
lachillumlym	lamlym	viramamlym	u 200d
llachillumlym	llamlym	viramamlym	u 200d
sarrarramlym	samlym	viramamlym	rramlym	viramamlym	rramlym
% new
nyajamlym	nyamlym	viramamlym	jamlym
ddaddhamlym	ddamlym	viramamlym	ddhamlym
tanamlym	tamlym	viramamlym	namlym
narramlym	namlym	viramamlym	rramlym
lapamlym	lamlym	viramamlym	pamlym
narramlym	nachillumlym	viramamlym	rramlym
% optional
ganamlym	gamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	namlym
gamamlym	gamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	mamlym
tabhamlym	tamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	bhamlym
nathamlym	namlym	u 200d	viramamlym	thamlym
lapamlym	lamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	pamlym
sathamlym	samlym	u 200d	viramamlym	thamlym
hanamlym	hamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	namlym
hamamlym	hamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	mamlym
% exclusive optional
kattamlym	kamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	ttamlym
badamlym	bamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	damlym
badhamlym	bamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	dhamlym
ssattamlym	ssamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	ttamlym
gadamlym	gamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	damlym
nyachamlym	nyamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	chamlym
nnaddhamlym	nnamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	ddhamlym
shachamlym	shamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	chamlym
% MAL exception
kattamlym	kamlym	viramamlym	ttamlym
gadamlym	gamlym	viramamlym	damlym
% lafix
lalamlym	lamlym	viramamlym	lamlym
kalamlym	kamlym	viramamlym	lamlym
galamlym	gamlym	viramamlym	lamlym
palamlym	pamlym	viramamlym	lamlym
phalamlym	phamlym	viramamlym	lamlym
balamlym	bamlym	viramamlym	lamlym
malamlym	mamlym	viramamlym	lamlym
shalamlym	shamlym	viramamlym	lamlym
salamlym	samlym	viramamlym	lamlym
halamlym	hamlym	viramamlym	lamlym
% new
valamlym	vamlym	viramamlym	lamlym
talamlym	tamlym	viramamlym	lamlym
%tatalamlym	tamlym	viramamlym	tamlym	viramamlym	lamlym
yayamlym	yamlym	viramamlym	yamlym
vavamlym	vamlym	viramamlym	vamlym
mapalamlym	mamlym	viramamlym	pamlym	viramamlym	lamlym
% 1/320 fraction
patamlym	pamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	tamlym

lookup end



lookup	akhn-mlm	ligature

kassamlym	kamlym	viramamlym	ssamlym
janyamlym	jamlym	viramamlym	nyamlym
kakamlym	kamlym	viramamlym	kamlym
katamlym	kamlym	viramamlym	tamlym
%kattamlym	kamlym	viramamlym	ttamlym
gagamlym	gamlym	viramamlym	gamlym
gamamlym	gamlym	viramamlym	mamlym
ganamlym	gamlym	viramamlym	namlym
ngakamlym	ngamlym	viramamlym	kamlym
ngangamlym	ngamlym	viramamlym	ngamlym
cacamlym	camlym	viramamlym	camlym
cachamlym	camlym	viramamlym	chamlym
jajamlym	jamlym	viramamlym	jamlym
nyacamlym	nyamlym	viramamlym	camlym
nyanyamlym	nyamlym	viramamlym	nyamlym
ttattamlym	ttamlym	viramamlym	ttamlym
ddaddamlym	ddamlym	viramamlym	ddamlym
nnaddamlym	nnamlym	viramamlym	ddamlym
nnamamlym	nnamlym	viramamlym	mamlym
nnannamlym	nnamlym	viramamlym	nnamlym
nnattamlym	nnamlym	viramamlym	ttamlym
tabhamlym	tamlym	viramamlym	bhamlym
tamamlym	tamlym	viramamlym	mamlym
tasamlym	tamlym	viramamlym	samlym
tatamlym	tamlym	viramamlym	tamlym
tathamlym	tamlym	viramamlym	thamlym
dadamlym	damlym	viramamlym	damlym
dadhamlym	damlym	viramamlym	dhamlym
nadamlym	namlym	viramamlym	damlym
nadhamlym	namlym	viramamlym	dhamlym
nanamlym	namlym	viramamlym	namlym
namamlym	namlym	viramamlym	mamlym
natamlym	namlym	viramamlym	tamlym
nathamlym	namlym	viramamlym	thamlym
papamlym	pamlym	viramamlym	pamlym
babamlym	bamlym	viramamlym	bamlym
mamamlym	mamlym	viramamlym	mamlym
mapamlym	mamlym	viramamlym	pamlym
rrarramlym	rramlym	viramamlym	rramlym
llallamlym	llamlym	viramamlym	llamlym
shacamlym	shamlym	viramamlym	camlym
shashamlym	shamlym	viramamlym	shamlym
sasamlym	samlym	viramamlym	samlym
sathamlym	samlym	viramamlym	thamlym
hamamlym	hamlym	viramamlym	mamlym
hanamlym	hamlym	viramamlym	namlym
nnachillumlym	nnamlym	viramamlym	u 200d
narramlym	namlym	viramamlym	u 200d	rramlym
nachillumlym	namlym	viramamlym	u 200d
rrachillumlym	ramlym	viramamlym	u 200d
lachillumlym	lamlym	viramamlym	u 200d
llachillumlym	llamlym	viramamlym	u 200d
sarrarramlym	samlym	viramamlym	rramlym	viramamlym	rramlym
% new
nyajamlym	nyamlym	viramamlym	jamlym
ddaddhamlym	ddamlym	viramamlym	ddhamlym
tanamlym	tamlym	viramamlym	namlym
narramlym	namlym	viramamlym	rramlym
lapamlym	lamlym	viramamlym	pamlym
narramlym	nachillumlym	viramamlym	rramlym
% optional
ganamlym	gamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	namlym
gamamlym	gamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	mamlym
tabhamlym	tamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	bhamlym
nathamlym	namlym	u 200d	viramamlym	thamlym
lapamlym	lamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	pamlym
sathamlym	samlym	u 200d	viramamlym	thamlym
hanamlym	hamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	namlym
hamamlym	hamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	mamlym
% exclusive optional
kattamlym	kamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	ttamlym
badamlym	bamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	damlym
badhamlym	bamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	dhamlym
ssattamlym	ssamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	ttamlym
gadamlym	gamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	damlym
nyachamlym	nyamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	chamlym
nnaddhamlym	nnamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	ddhamlym
shachamlym	shamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	chamlym
% lafix
lalamlym	lamlym	lamlym	viramamlym
kalamlym	kamlym	lamlym	viramamlym
galamlym	gamlym	lamlym	viramamlym
palamlym	pamlym	lamlym	viramamlym
phalamlym	phamlym	lamlym	viramamlym
balamlym	bamlym	lamlym	viramamlym
malamlym	mamlym	lamlym	viramamlym
shalamlym	shamlym	lamlym	viramamlym
salamlym	samlym	lamlym	viramamlym
halamlym	hamlym	lamlym	viramamlym
ngakalamlym	ngamlym	viramamlym	kamlym	lamlym	viramamlym
% new
valamlym	vamlym	lamlym	viramamlym
talamlym	tamlym	lamlym	viramamlym
mapalamlym	mamlym	viramamlym	pamlym	lamlym	viramamlym
% 1/320 fraction
patamlym	pamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	tamlym

lookup end


lookup	akhn_MAL-mlm	ligature

kassamlym	kamlym	viramamlym	ssamlym
janyamlym	jamlym	viramamlym	nyamlym
kakamlym	kamlym	viramamlym	kamlym
katamlym	kamlym	viramamlym	tamlym
%kattamlym	kamlym	viramamlym	ttamlym
gagamlym	gamlym	viramamlym	gamlym
gamamlym	gamlym	viramamlym	mamlym
ganamlym	gamlym	viramamlym	namlym
ngakamlym	ngamlym	viramamlym	kamlym
ngangamlym	ngamlym	viramamlym	ngamlym
cacamlym	camlym	viramamlym	camlym
cachamlym	camlym	viramamlym	chamlym
jajamlym	jamlym	viramamlym	jamlym
nyacamlym	nyamlym	viramamlym	camlym
nyanyamlym	nyamlym	viramamlym	nyamlym
ttattamlym	ttamlym	viramamlym	ttamlym
ddaddamlym	ddamlym	viramamlym	ddamlym
nnaddamlym	nnamlym	viramamlym	ddamlym
nnamamlym	nnamlym	viramamlym	mamlym
nnannamlym	nnamlym	viramamlym	nnamlym
nnattamlym	nnamlym	viramamlym	ttamlym
tabhamlym	tamlym	viramamlym	bhamlym
tamamlym	tamlym	viramamlym	mamlym
tasamlym	tamlym	viramamlym	samlym
tatamlym	tamlym	viramamlym	tamlym
tathamlym	tamlym	viramamlym	thamlym
dadamlym	damlym	viramamlym	damlym
dadhamlym	damlym	viramamlym	dhamlym
nadamlym	namlym	viramamlym	damlym
nadhamlym	namlym	viramamlym	dhamlym
nanamlym	namlym	viramamlym	namlym
namamlym	namlym	viramamlym	mamlym
natamlym	namlym	viramamlym	tamlym
nathamlym	namlym	viramamlym	thamlym
papamlym	pamlym	viramamlym	pamlym
babamlym	bamlym	viramamlym	bamlym
mamamlym	mamlym	viramamlym	mamlym
mapamlym	mamlym	viramamlym	pamlym
rrarramlym	rramlym	viramamlym	rramlym
llallamlym	llamlym	viramamlym	llamlym
shacamlym	shamlym	viramamlym	camlym
shashamlym	shamlym	viramamlym	shamlym
%ssattamlym	ssamlym	viramamlym	ttamlym
sasamlym	samlym	viramamlym	samlym
sathamlym	samlym	viramamlym	thamlym
hamamlym	hamlym	viramamlym	mamlym
hanamlym	hamlym	viramamlym	namlym
nnachillumlym	nnamlym	viramamlym	u 200d
narramlym	namlym	viramamlym	u 200d	rramlym
nachillumlym	namlym	viramamlym	u 200d
rrachillumlym	ramlym	viramamlym	u 200d
lachillumlym	lamlym	viramamlym	u 200d
llachillumlym	llamlym	viramamlym	u 200d
sarrarramlym	samlym	viramamlym	rramlym	viramamlym	rramlym
% new
nyajamlym	nyamlym	viramamlym	jamlym
ddaddhamlym	ddamlym	viramamlym	ddhamlym
tanamlym	tamlym	viramamlym	namlym
narramlym	namlym	viramamlym	rramlym
lapamlym	lamlym	viramamlym	pamlym
narramlym	nachillumlym	viramamlym	rramlym
% optional
ganamlym	gamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	namlym
gamamlym	gamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	mamlym
tabhamlym	tamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	bhamlym
nathamlym	namlym	u 200d	viramamlym	thamlym
lapamlym	lamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	pamlym
sathamlym	samlym	u 200d	viramamlym	thamlym
hanamlym	hamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	namlym
hamamlym	hamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	mamlym
% exclusive optional
kattamlym	kamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	ttamlym
badamlym	bamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	damlym
badhamlym	bamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	dhamlym
ssattamlym	ssamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	ttamlym
gadamlym	gamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	damlym
nyachamlym	nyamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	chamlym
nnaddhamlym	nnamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	ddhamlym
shachamlym	shamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	chamlym
% MAL exception
kattamlym	kamlym	viramamlym	ttamlym
gadamlym	gamlym	viramamlym	damlym
% lafix
lalamlym	lamlym	lamlym	viramamlym
kalamlym	kamlym	lamlym	viramamlym
galamlym	gamlym	lamlym	viramamlym
palamlym	pamlym	lamlym	viramamlym
phalamlym	phamlym	lamlym	viramamlym
balamlym	bamlym	lamlym	viramamlym
malamlym	mamlym	lamlym	viramamlym
shalamlym	shamlym	lamlym	viramamlym
salamlym	samlym	lamlym	viramamlym
halamlym	hamlym	lamlym	viramamlym
ngakalamlym	ngamlym	viramamlym	kamlym	lamlym	viramamlym
% new
valamlym	vamlym	lamlym	viramamlym
talamlym	tamlym	lamlym	viramamlym
mapalamlym	mamlym	viramamlym	pamlym	lamlym	viramamlym
% 1/320 fraction
patamlym	pamlym	u 200d	viramamlym	tamlym

lookup end


% pref ----------------------------------


lookup	pref-mlm2	ligature

rapostmlym	viramamlym	ramlym

lookup end


lookup	pref-formsfix-mlm2	chained

glyph	yamlym	rapostmlym		1,splityapost-mlym
glyph	lllamlym	rapostmlym		1,splityapost-mlym

lookup end


% half ----------------------------------


lookup	half-mlym	ligature

kaprehalfmlym	kamlym	viramamlym
khaprehalfmlym	khamlym	viramamlym
gaprehalfmlym	gamlym	viramamlym
ghaprehalfmlym	ghamlym	viramamlym
ngaprehalfmlym	ngamlym	viramamlym
caprehalfmlym	camlym	viramamlym
chaprehalfmlym	chamlym	viramamlym
japrehalfmlym	jamlym	viramamlym
jhaprehalfmlym	jhamlym	viramamlym
nyaprehalfmlym	nyamlym	viramamlym
ttaprehalfmlym	ttamlym	viramamlym
tthaprehalfmlym	tthamlym	viramamlym
ddaprehalfmlym	ddamlym	viramamlym
ddhaprehalfmlym	ddhamlym	viramamlym
nnachillumlym	nnamlym	viramamlym	u 200d
nnaprehalfmlym	nnamlym	viramamlym
taprehalfmlym	tamlym	viramamlym
thaprehalfmlym	thamlym	viramamlym
daprehalfmlym	damlym	viramamlym
dhaprehalfmlym	dhamlym	viramamlym
nachillumlym	namlym	viramamlym	u 200d
naprehalfmlym	namlym	viramamlym
paprehalfmlym	pamlym	viramamlym
phaprehalfmlym	phamlym	viramamlym
baprehalfmlym	bamlym	viramamlym
bhaprehalfmlym	bhamlym	viramamlym
maprehalfmlym	mamlym	viramamlym
yaprehalfmlym	yamlym	viramamlym
rrachillumlym	ramlym	viramamlym	u 200d
raprehalfmlym	ramlym	viramamlym
rraprehalfmlym	rramlym	viramamlym
lachillumlym	lamlym	viramamlym	u 200d
laprehalfmlym	lamlym	viramamlym
llachillumlym	llamlym	viramamlym	u 200d
llaprehalfmlym	llamlym	viramamlym
lllaprehalfmlym	lllamlym	viramamlym
vaprehalfmlym	vamlym	viramamlym
shaprehalfmlym	shamlym	viramamlym
ssaprehalfmlym	ssamlym	viramamlym
saprehalfmlym	samlym	viramamlym
haprehalfmlym	hamlym	viramamlym
kassaprehalfmlym	kassamlym	viramamlym

lookup end


% blwf ----------------------------------



lookup	below-forms-mlym	ligature

lasubscriptmlym	lamlym	viramamlym

lookup end


lookup	below-formfix-mlym	multiple

lasubscriptmlym	viramamlym	lamlym

lookup end



% pstf ----------------------------------

lookup	post-forms-mlm2	ligature

yapostmlym	viramamlym	yamlym
vapostmlym	viramamlym	vamlym

lookup end



lookup	post-formsfix-mlm2	chained

glyph	vapostmlym	rapostmlym		1,splityapost-mlym

lookup end



lookup	post-forms-mlym	ligature

rapostmlym	ramlym	viramamlym
yapostmlym	yamlym	viramamlym
vapostmlym	vamlym	viramamlym

lookup end


% fixes mlym ----------------------------------

lookup	below-formfixlala-mlym	ligature

lalamlym	lamlym	viramamlym	lamlym
yayamlym	yamlym	yapostmlym
vavamlym	vamlym	vapostmlym
yayamlym	yamlym	viramamlym	yamlym
vavamlym	vamlym	viramamlym	vamlym

lookup end


lookup	post-formfix-mlym	context

markattachmenttype	2

glyph	yapostmlym,yapostmlym	1,swap1-mlym	2,swap2-mlym
glyph	vapostmlym,vapostmlym	1,swap1-mlym	2,swap2-mlym

lookup end


lookup	swap1-mlym	single

yapostmlym	viramamlym
vapostmlym	viramamlym

lookup end


lookup	swap2-mlym	single

yapostmlym	yayamlym
vapostmlym	vavamlym

lookup end


lookup	splityapost-mlym	multiple

vapostmlym	viramamlym	vamlym
rapostmlym	viramamlym	ramlym

lookup end



% psts mlm2 ---------------------------


lookup	fixdoublela2-mlm2	chained

markattachmenttype	2

backtrackclass definition begin
narramlym	1
class definition end

class definition begin
kattamlym	1
gagamlym	1
cacamlym	1
cachamlym	1
ttattamlym	1
ddaddamlym	1
nnannamlym	1
dadamlym	1
papamlym	1
babamlym	1
badamlym	1
badhamlym	1
rrarramlym	1
shashamlym	1
ssattamlym	1
sarrarramlym	1
sasamlym	1
% new
ddaddhamlym	1
lapamlym	1
lalamlym	1
kalamlym	1
ngakalamlym	1
galamlym	1
palamlym	1
phalamlym	1
balamlym	1
malamlym	1
shalamlym	1
salamlym	1
halamlym	1
% new
valamlym	1
talamlym	1
yayamlym	1
vavamlym	1
mapalamlym	1
% handle fraction just in case
patamlym	1
lvocalicvowelsignmlym	2
llvocalicvowelsignmlym	2

class definition end

lookaheadclass definition begin
lvocalicvowelsignmlym	1
llvocalicvowelsignmlym	1
class definition end

class-chain		1	1	1,splitligature-mlm2
class-chain	1	2		1,altpostmark-mlm2

lookup end




lookup	splitligature-mlm2	multiple

kattamlym	kamlym	viramamlym	ttamlym
gagamlym	gamlym	viramamlym	gamlym
cacamlym	camlym	viramamlym	camlym
cachamlym	camlym	viramamlym	chamlym
ttattamlym	ttamlym	viramamlym	ttamlym
ddaddamlym	ddamlym	viramamlym	ddamlym
nnannamlym	nnamlym	viramamlym	nnamlym
dadamlym	damlym	viramamlym	damlym
papamlym	pamlym	viramamlym	pamlym
babamlym	bamlym	viramamlym	bamlym
badamlym	bamlym	viramamlym	damlym
badhamlym	bamlym	viramamlym	dhamlym
rrarramlym	rramlym	viramamlym	rramlym
shashamlym	shamlym	viramamlym	shamlym
ssattamlym	ssamlym	viramamlym	ttamlym
sarrarramlym	samlym	viramamlym	rraprehalfmlym	rramlym
sasamlym	samlym	viramamlym	samlym
% new
ddaddhamlym	ddamlym	viramamlym	ddhamlym
lapamlym	lamlym	viramamlym	pamlym
lalamlym	lamlym	viramamlym	lamlym
kalamlym	kamlym	viramamlym	lamlym
galamlym	gamlym	viramamlym	lamlym
palamlym	pamlym	viramamlym	lamlym
phalamlym	phamlym	viramamlym	lamlym
balamlym	bamlym	viramamlym	lamlym
malamlym	mamlym	viramamlym	lamlym
shalamlym	shamlym	viramamlym	lamlym
salamlym	samlym	viramamlym	lamlym
halamlym	hamlym	viramamlym	lamlym
% new
valamlym	vamlym	viramamlym	lamlym
talamlym	tamlym	viramamlym	lamlym
yayamlym	yamlym	viramamlym	yamlym
vavamlym	vamlym	viramamlym	vamlym
mapalamlym	mapamlym	viramamlym	lamlym
patamlym	pamlym	viramamlym	tamlym
ngakalamlym	ngakamlym	viramamlym	lamlym

lookup end



lookup	fixdoublela2-mlym	chained

markattachmenttype	2

backtrackclass definition begin
narramlym	1
class definition end

class definition begin
kattamlym	1
gagamlym	1
cacamlym	1
cachamlym	1
ttattamlym	1
ddaddamlym	1
nnannamlym	1
dadamlym	1
papamlym	1
babamlym	1
badamlym	1
badhamlym	1
rrarramlym	1
shashamlym	1
ssattamlym	1
sarrarramlym	1
sasamlym	1
% new
ddaddhamlym	1
lapamlym	1
lalamlym	1
kalamlym	1
ngakalamlym	1
galamlym	1
palamlym	1
phalamlym	1
balamlym	1
malamlym	1
shalamlym	1
salamlym	1
halamlym	1
% new
valamlym	1
talamlym	1
yayamlym	1
vavamlym	1
mapalamlym	1
% handle fraction just in case
patamlym	1
lvocalicvowelsignmlym	2
llvocalicvowelsignmlym	2

class definition end

lookaheadclass definition begin
lvocalicvowelsignmlym	1
llvocalicvowelsignmlym	1
class definition end

class-chain		1	1	1,splitligature-mlym
class-chain	1	2		1,altpostmark-mlm2

lookup end



lookup	splitligature-mlym	multiple

kattamlym	kaprehalfmlym	ttamlym
gagamlym	gaprehalfmlym	gamlym
cacamlym	caprehalfmlym	camlym
cachamlym	caprehalfmlym	chamlym
ttattamlym	ttaprehalfmlym	ttamlym
ddaddamlym	ddaprehalfmlym	ddamlym
nnannamlym	nnaprehalfmlym	nnamlym
dadamlym	daprehalfmlym	damlym
papamlym	paprehalfmlym	pamlym
babamlym	baprehalfmlym	bamlym
badamlym	baprehalfmlym	damlym
badhamlym	baprehalfmlym	dhamlym
rrarramlym	rraprehalfmlym	rramlym
shashamlym	shaprehalfmlym	shamlym
ssattamlym	ssaprehalfmlym	ttamlym
sarrarramlym	saprehalfmlym	rraprehalfmlym	rramlym
sasamlym	saprehalfmlym	samlym
% new
ddaddhamlym	ddaprehalfmlym	ddhamlym
lapamlym	laprehalfmlym	pamlym
lalamlym	laprehalfmlym	lamlym
kalamlym	kaprehalfmlym	lamlym
galamlym	gaprehalfmlym	lamlym
palamlym	paprehalfmlym	lamlym
phalamlym	phaprehalfmlym	lamlym
balamlym	baprehalfmlym	lamlym
malamlym	maprehalfmlym	lamlym
shalamlym	shaprehalfmlym	lamlym
salamlym	saprehalfmlym	lamlym
halamlym	haprehalfmlym	lamlym
% new
valamlym	vaprehalfmlym	lamlym
talamlym	taprehalfmlym	lamlym
yayamlym	yaprehalfmlym	lamlym
vavamlym	vaprehalfmlym	lamlym
mapalamlym	mapamlym	viramamlym	lamlym
patamlym	paprehalfmlym	tamlym
ngakalamlym	ngakamlym	viramamlym	lamlym

lookup end


lookup	laligatures-mlm2	ligature

markattachmenttype	2

ttalvocalicmlym	ttamlym	lvocalicvowelsignmlym
tthalvocalicmlym	tthamlym	lvocalicvowelsignmlym
dalvocalicmlym	damlym	lvocalicvowelsignmlym
bhalvocalicmlym	bhamlym	lvocalicvowelsignmlym
malvocalicmlym	mamlym	lvocalicvowelsignmlym
ralvocalicmlym	ramlym	lvocalicvowelsignmlym
rralvocalicmlym	rramlym	lvocalicvowelsignmlym
lllalvocalicmlym	lllamlym	lvocalicvowelsignmlym
ttallvocalicmlym	ttamlym	llvocalicvowelsignmlym
tthallvocalicmlym	tthamlym	llvocalicvowelsignmlym
dallvocalicmlym	damlym	llvocalicvowelsignmlym
bhallvocalicmlym	bhamlym	llvocalicvowelsignmlym
mallvocalicmlym	mamlym	llvocalicvowelsignmlym
rallvocalicmlym	ramlym	llvocalicvowelsignmlym
rrallvocalicmlym	rramlym	llvocalicvowelsignmlym
lllallvocalicmlym	lllamlym	llvocalicvowelsignmlym

lookup end



lookup	raoverlaps-mlm2	chained

markattachmenttype	2

backtrackclass definition begin
# 1	1
class definition end

class definition begin
rapostmlym	1
class definition end

lookaheadclass definition begin
llamlym	1
cachamlym	1
ttattamlym	1
malamlym	1
llallamlym	1
class definition end

class-chain		1	1	1,altra-mlm2

lookup end



lookup	raoverlaps-mlym	chained

markattachmenttype	2

lookaheadclass definition begin
llamlym	1
llaprehalfmlym	1
cachamlym	1
ttattamlym	1
malamlym	1
llallamlym	1
class definition end

class definition begin
rapostmlym	1
class definition end

backtrackclass definition begin
llamlym	1
llaprehalfmlym	1
cachamlym	1
ttattamlym	1
malamlym	1
llallamlym	1
class definition end

class-chain		1	1	1,altra-mlm2
class-chain	1	1		1,altra-mlm2

lookup end


lookup	altra-mlm2	single

rapostmlym	rapostaltmlym

lookup end



% psts common  ---------------------------


lookup	fixReph-mlym	chained

backtrackclass definition begin
ttamlym	1
tthamlym	1
damlym	1
bhamlym	1
mamlym	1
ramlym	1
rramlym	1
llamlym	1
lllamlym	1
tttamlym	1
ttattamlym	1
dadamlym	1
malamlym	1
rrarramlym	1
class definition end

class definition begin
rephmlym	1
viramamlym	2
ivowelsignmlym	3
iivowelsignmlym	3
class definition end

lookaheadclass definition begin
# 1	1
class definition end

class-chain	1	1,2		1,rephLigature-mlym
class-chain	1	1,3		1,rephLigature-mlym
class-chain	1	2,1		1,rephLigature-mlym

lookup end


lookup	rephLigature-mlym	ligature

rephivowelmlym	rephmlym	ivowelsignmlym
rephiivowelmlym	rephmlym	iivowelsignmlym
rephviramamlym	rephmlym	viramamlym
rephviramamlym	viramamlym	rephmlym

lookup end




lookup	vedic-mlym	ligature

candrabindu_0951mlym	candrabindumlym	uni0951
candrabindu_0952mlym	candrabindumlym	uni0952
candrabindu_1CDAmlym	candrabindumlym	uni1CDA

lookup end


lookup	switchVedic0-mlym	context

glyph	anusvaramlym,candrabindumlym	1,toCandraBindu-mlym	2,toAnusvara-mlym
glyph	anusvaramlym,uni0951	1,to0951-mlym	2,toAnusvara-mlym
glyph	anusvaramlym,uni0952	1,to0952-mlym	2,toAnusvara-mlym
glyph	anusvaramlym,uni1CDA	1,to1CDA-mlym	2,toAnusvara-mlym
glyph	anusvaramlym,candrabindu_0951mlym	1,toCandrabindu_0951-mlym	2,toAnusvara-mlym
glyph	anusvaramlym,candrabindu_0952mlym	1,toCandrabindu_0952-mlym	2,toAnusvara-mlym
glyph	anusvaramlym,candrabindu_1CDAmlym	1,toCandrabindu_1CDA-mlym	2,toAnusvara-mlym

glyph	visargamlym,candrabindumlym	1,toCandraBindu-mlym	2,toVisarga-mlym
glyph	visargamlym,uni0951	1,to0951-mlym	2,toVisarga-mlym
glyph	visargamlym,uni0952	1,to0952-mlym	2,toVisarga-mlym
glyph	visargamlym,uni1CDA	1,to1CDA-mlym	2,toVisarga-mlym
glyph	visargamlym,candrabindu_0951mlym	1,toCandrabindu_0951-mlym	2,toVisarga-mlym
glyph	visargamlym,candrabindu_0952mlym	1,toCandrabindu_0952-mlym	2,toVisarga-mlym
glyph	visargamlym,candrabindu_1CDAmlym	1,toCandrabindu_1CDA-mlym	2,toVisarga-mlym

lookup end



lookup	switchVedic1-mlym	context

glyph	aavowelsignmlym,candrabindumlym	1,toCandraBindu-mlym	2,toAAvowel-mlym
glyph	aavowelsignmlym,uni0951	1,to0951-mlym	2,toAAvowel-mlym
glyph	aavowelsignmlym,uni0952	1,to0952-mlym	2,toAAvowel-mlym
glyph	aavowelsignmlym,uni1CDA	1,to1CDA-mlym	2,toAAvowel-mlym
glyph	aavowelsignmlym,candrabindu_0951mlym	1,toCandrabindu_0951-mlym	2,toAAvowel-mlym
glyph	aavowelsignmlym,candrabindu_0952mlym	1,toCandrabindu_0952-mlym	2,toAAvowel-mlym
glyph	aavowelsignmlym,candrabindu_1CDAmlym	1,toCandrabindu_1CDA-mlym	2,toAAvowel-mlym

glyph	ivowelsignmlym,candrabindumlym	1,toCandraBindu-mlym	2,toIvowel-mlym
glyph	ivowelsignmlym,uni0951	1,to0951-mlym	2,toIvowel-mlym
glyph	ivowelsignmlym,uni0952	1,to0952-mlym	2,toIvowel-mlym
glyph	ivowelsignmlym,uni1CDA	1,to1CDA-mlym	2,toIvowel-mlym
glyph	ivowelsignmlym,candrabindu_0951mlym	1,toCandrabindu_0951-mlym	2,toIvowel-mlym
glyph	ivowelsignmlym,candrabindu_0952mlym	1,toCandrabindu_0952-mlym	2,toIvowel-mlym
glyph	ivowelsignmlym,candrabindu_1CDAmlym	1,toCandrabindu_1CDA-mlym	2,toIvowel-mlym

glyph	iivowelsignmlym,candrabindumlym	1,toCandraBindu-mlym	2,toIIvowel-mlym
glyph	iivowelsignmlym,uni0951	1,to0951-mlym	2,toIIvowel-mlym
glyph	iivowelsignmlym,uni0952	1,to0952-mlym	2,toIIvowel-mlym
glyph	iivowelsignmlym,uni1CDA	1,to1CDA-mlym	2,toIIvowel-mlym
glyph	iivowelsignmlym,candrabindu_0951mlym	1,toCandrabindu_0951-mlym	2,toIIvowel-mlym
glyph	iivowelsignmlym,candrabindu_0952mlym	1,toCandrabindu_0952-mlym	2,toIIvowel-mlym
glyph	iivowelsignmlym,candrabindu_1CDAmlym	1,toCandrabindu_1CDA-mlym	2,toIIvowel-mlym

glyph	uvowelsignmlym,candrabindumlym	1,toCandraBindu-mlym	2,toUvowel-mlym
glyph	uvowelsignmlym,uni0951	1,to0951-mlym	2,toUvowel-mlym
glyph	uvowelsignmlym,uni0952	1,to0952-mlym	2,toUvowel-mlym
glyph	uvowelsignmlym,uni1CDA	1,to1CDA-mlym	2,toUvowel-mlym
glyph	uvowelsignmlym,candrabindu_0951mlym	1,toCandrabindu_0951-mlym	2,toUvowel-mlym
glyph	uvowelsignmlym,candrabindu_0952mlym	1,toCandrabindu_0952-mlym	2,toUvowel-mlym
glyph	uvowelsignmlym,candrabindu_1CDAmlym	1,toCandrabindu_1CDA-mlym	2,toUvowel-mlym

glyph	uuvowelsignmlym,candrabindumlym	1,toCandraBindu-mlym	2,toUUvowel-mlym
glyph	uuvowelsignmlym,uni0951	1,to0951-mlym	2,toUUvowel-mlym
glyph	uuvowelsignmlym,uni0952	1,to0952-mlym	2,toUUvowel-mlym
glyph	uuvowelsignmlym,uni1CDA	1,to1CDA-mlym	2,toUUvowel-mlym
glyph	uuvowelsignmlym,candrabindu_0951mlym	1,toCandrabindu_0951-mlym	2,toUUvowel-mlym
glyph	uuvowelsignmlym,candrabindu_0952mlym	1,toCandrabindu_0952-mlym	2,toUUvowel-mlym
glyph	uuvowelsignmlym,candrabindu_1CDAmlym	1,toCandrabindu_1CDA-mlym	2,toUUvowel-mlym

glyph	rvocalicvowelsignmlym,candrabindumlym	1,toCandraBindu-mlym	2,toRvowel-mlym
glyph	rvocalicvowelsignmlym,uni0951	1,to0951-mlym	2,toRvowel-mlym
glyph	rvocalicvowelsignmlym,uni0952	1,to0952-mlym	2,toRvowel-mlym
glyph	rvocalicvowelsignmlym,uni1CDA	1,to1CDA-mlym	2,toRvowel-mlym
glyph	rvocalicvowelsignmlym,candrabindu_0951mlym	1,toCandrabindu_0951-mlym	2,toRvowel-mlym
glyph	rvocalicvowelsignmlym,candrabindu_0952mlym	1,toCandrabindu_0952-mlym	2,toRvowel-mlym
glyph	rvocalicvowelsignmlym,candrabindu_1CDAmlym	1,toCandrabindu_1CDA-mlym	2,toRvowel-mlym

glyph	rrvocalicvowelsignmlym,candrabindumlym	1,toCandraBindu-mlym	2,toRRvowel-mlym
glyph	rrvocalicvowelsignmlym,uni0951	1,to0951-mlym	2,toRRvowel-mlym
glyph	rrvocalicvowelsignmlym,uni0952	1,to0952-mlym	2,toRRvowel-mlym
glyph	rrvocalicvowelsignmlym,uni1CDA	1,to1CDA-mlym	2,toRRvowel-mlym
glyph	rrvocalicvowelsignmlym,candrabindu_0951mlym	1,toCandrabindu_0951-mlym	2,toRRvowel-mlym
glyph	rrvocalicvowelsignmlym,candrabindu_0952mlym	1,toCandrabindu_0952-mlym	2,toRRvowel-mlym
glyph	rrvocalicvowelsignmlym,candrabindu_1CDAmlym	1,toCandrabindu_1CDA-mlym	2,toRRvowel-mlym

glyph	aulengthmarkmlym,candrabindumlym	1,toCandraBindu-mlym	2,toAUlength-mlym
glyph	aulengthmarkmlym,uni0951	1,to0951-mlym	2,toAUlength-mlym
glyph	aulengthmarkmlym,uni0952	1,to0952-mlym	2,toAUlength-mlym
glyph	aulengthmarkmlym,uni1CDA	1,to1CDA-mlym	2,toAUlength-mlym
glyph	aulengthmarkmlym,candrabindu_0951mlym	1,toCandrabindu_0951-mlym	2,toAUlength-mlym
glyph	aulengthmarkmlym,candrabindu_0952mlym	1,toCandrabindu_0952-mlym	2,toAUlength-mlym
glyph	aulengthmarkmlym,candrabindu_1CDAmlym	1,toCandrabindu_1CDA-mlym	2,toAUlength-mlym


lookup end



lookup	otheroverlaps-mlm2	chained

markattachmenttype	2

backtrackclass definition begin
llamlym	1
galamlym	1
cachamlym	1
ttattamlym	1
malamlym	1
rrarramlym	1
llallamlym	1
kattamlym	1
kalamlym	1
ngakalamlym	1
gagamlym	1
cacamlym	1
ddaddamlym	1
nnannamlym	1
dadamlym	1
papamlym	1
palamlym	1
phalamlym	1
babamlym	1
badamlym	1
badhamlym	1
balamlym	1
yayamlym	1
lalamlym	1
vavamlym	1
shashamlym	1
shalamlym	1
ssattamlym	1
sarrarramlym	1
sasamlym	1
salamlym	1
halamlym	1
% new
valamlym	1
talamlym	1
mapalamlym	1
lapamlym	1
ddaddhamlym	1
% specials
yapostmlym	1
yapostaltmlym	1
vapostmlym	1
vapostaltmlym	1
rvocalicvowelsignmlym	1
rrvocalicvowelsignmlym	1
rvocalicvowelsignaltmlym	1
rrvocalicvowelsignaltmlym	1
lvocalicvowelsignmlym	1
llvocalicvowelsignmlym	1
lvocalicvowelsignaltmlym	1
llvocalicvowelsignaltmlym	1
ttalvocalicmlym	1
tthalvocalicmlym	1
dalvocalicmlym	1
bhalvocalicmlym	1
malvocalicmlym	1
ralvocalicmlym	1
rralvocalicmlym	1
lllalvocalicmlym	1
ttallvocalicmlym	1
tthallvocalicmlym	1
dallvocalicmlym	1
bhallvocalicmlym	1
mallvocalicmlym	1
rallvocalicmlym	1
rrallvocalicmlym	1
lllallvocalicmlym	1
% handle fraction just in case
patamlym	1
% top
nnachillumlym	2
nachillumlym	2
rrachillumlym	2
lachillumlym	2
llachillumlym	2
kachillumlym	2
ivowelsignmlym	3
iivowelsignmlym	3
ivowelsignaltmlym	3
iivowelsignaltmlym	3
ivowelsignalt2mlym	3
iivowelsignalt2mlym	3
% both
narramlym	4
% unicode 9
machillumlym	2
yachillumlym	3
class definition end

class definition begin
yapostmlym	1
vapostmlym	1
rvocalicvowelsignmlym	1
rrvocalicvowelsignmlym	1
uvowelsignmlym	1
uuvowelsignmlym	1
lvocalicvowelsignmlym	1
llvocalicvowelsignmlym	1
ivowelsignmlym	2
iivowelsignmlym	2
class definition end

lookaheadclass definition begin
# 1	1
class definition end

class-chain	1	1		1,altpostmark-mlm2
class-chain	4	1		1,altpostmark-mlm2
class-chain	2	2		1,altpostmark-mlm2
class-chain	3	2		1,narrow_i-mlm2
class-chain	4	2		1,altpostmark-mlm2

lookup end


lookup	narrow_i-mlm2	single

ivowelsignmlym	ivowelsignalt2mlym
iivowelsignmlym	iivowelsignalt2mlym

lookup end



lookup	altpostmark-mlm2	single

rvocalicvowelsignmlym	rvocalicvowelsignaltmlym
yapostmlym	yapostaltmlym
rrvocalicvowelsignmlym	rrvocalicvowelsignaltmlym
vapostmlym	vapostaltmlym
uvowelsignmlym	uvowelsignaltmlym
uuvowelsignmlym	uuvowelsignaltmlym
lvocalicvowelsignmlym	lvocalicvowelsignaltmlym
llvocalicvowelsignmlym	llvocalicvowelsignaltmlym
ivowelsignmlym	ivowelsignaltmlym
iivowelsignmlym	iivowelsignaltmlym

lookup end



lookup	switchVedic1bis-mlym	context

glyph	lvocalicvowelsignaltmlym,candrabindumlym	1,toCandraBindu-mlym	2,toLvowel-mlym
glyph	lvocalicvowelsignaltmlym,uni0951	1,to0951-mlym	2,toLvowel-mlym
glyph	lvocalicvowelsignaltmlym,uni0952	1,to0952-mlym	2,toLvowel-mlym
glyph	lvocalicvowelsignaltmlym,uni1CDA	1,to1CDA-mlym	2,toLvowel-mlym
glyph	lvocalicvowelsignaltmlym,candrabindu_0951mlym	1,toCandrabindu_0951-mlym	2,toLvowel-mlym
glyph	lvocalicvowelsignaltmlym,candrabindu_0952mlym	1,toCandrabindu_0952-mlym	2,toLvowel-mlym
glyph	lvocalicvowelsignaltmlym,candrabindu_1CDAmlym	1,toCandrabindu_1CDA-mlym	2,toLvowel-mlym

glyph	llvocalicvowelsignaltmlym,candrabindumlym	1,toCandraBindu-mlym	2,toLLvowel-mlym
glyph	llvocalicvowelsignaltmlym,uni0951	1,to0951-mlym	2,toLLvowel-mlym
glyph	llvocalicvowelsignaltmlym,uni0952	1,to0952-mlym	2,toLLvowel-mlym
glyph	llvocalicvowelsignaltmlym,uni1CDA	1,to1CDA-mlym	2,toLLvowel-mlym
glyph	llvocalicvowelsignaltmlym,candrabindu_0951mlym	1,toCandrabindu_0951-mlym	2,toLLvowel-mlym
glyph	llvocalicvowelsignaltmlym,candrabindu_0952mlym	1,toCandrabindu_0952-mlym	2,toLLvowel-mlym
glyph	llvocalicvowelsignaltmlym,candrabindu_1CDAmlym	1,toCandrabindu_1CDA-mlym	2,toLLvowel-mlym

lookup end


lookup	switchVedic2-mlym	context

glyph	yapostaltmlym,candrabindumlym	1,toCandraBindu-mlym	2,toYApostalt-mlym
glyph	yapostaltmlym,uni0951	1,to0951-mlym	2,toYApostalt-mlym
glyph	yapostaltmlym,uni0952	1,to0952-mlym	2,toYApostalt-mlym
glyph	yapostaltmlym,uni1CDA	1,to1CDA-mlym	2,toYApostalt-mlym
glyph	yapostaltmlym,candrabindu_0951mlym	1,toCandrabindu_0951-mlym	2,toYApostalt-mlym
glyph	yapostaltmlym,candrabindu_0952mlym	1,toCandrabindu_0952-mlym	2,toYApostalt-mlym
glyph	yapostaltmlym,candrabindu_1CDAmlym	1,toCandrabindu_1CDA-mlym	2,toYApostalt-mlym

glyph	vapostaltmlym,candrabindumlym	1,toCandraBindu-mlym	2,toVApost-mlym
glyph	vapostaltmlym,uni0951	1,to0951-mlym	2,toVApostalt-mlym
glyph	vapostaltmlym,uni0952	1,to0952-mlym	2,toVApostalt-mlym
glyph	vapostaltmlym,uni1CDA	1,to1CDA-mlym	2,toVApostalt-mlym
glyph	vapostaltmlym,candrabindu_0951mlym	1,toCandrabindu_0951-mlym	2,toVApostalt-mlym
glyph	vapostaltmlym,candrabindu_0952mlym	1,toCandrabindu_0952-mlym	2,toVApostalt-mlym
glyph	vapostaltmlym,candrabindu_1CDAmlym	1,toCandrabindu_1CDA-mlym	2,toVApostalt-mlym

lookup end


lookup	switchVedic3-mlym	context

glyph	yapostmlym,candrabindumlym	1,toCandraBindu-mlym	2,toYApost-mlym
glyph	yapostmlym,uni0951	1,to0951-mlym	2,toYApost-mlym
glyph	yapostmlym,uni0952	1,to0952-mlym	2,toYApost-mlym
glyph	yapostmlym,uni1CDA	1,to1CDA-mlym	2,toYApost-mlym
glyph	yapostmlym,candrabindu_0951mlym	1,toCandrabindu_0951-mlym	2,toYApost-mlym
glyph	yapostmlym,candrabindu_0952mlym	1,toCandrabindu_0952-mlym	2,toYApost-mlym
glyph	yapostmlym,candrabindu_1CDAmlym	1,toCandrabindu_1CDA-mlym	2,toYApost-mlym

glyph	vapostmlym,candrabindumlym	1,toCandraBindu-mlym	2,toVApost-mlym
glyph	vapostmlym,uni0951	1,to0951-mlym	2,toVApost-mlym
glyph	vapostmlym,uni0952	1,to0952-mlym	2,toVApost-mlym
glyph	vapostmlym,uni1CDA	1,to1CDA-mlym	2,toVApost-mlym
glyph	vapostmlym,candrabindu_0951mlym	1,toCandrabindu_0951-mlym	2,toVApost-mlym
glyph	vapostmlym,candrabindu_0952mlym	1,toCandrabindu_0952-mlym	2,toVApost-mlym
glyph	vapostmlym,candrabindu_1CDAmlym	1,toCandrabindu_1CDA-mlym	2,toVApost-mlym

lookup end


lookup	toCandraBindu-mlym	single

anusvaramlym	candrabindumlym
visargamlym	candrabindumlym
aavowelsignmlym	candrabindumlym
ivowelsignmlym	candrabindumlym
iivowelsignmlym	candrabindumlym
uvowelsignmlym	candrabindumlym
uuvowelsignmlym	candrabindumlym
rvocalicvowelsignmlym	candrabindumlym
rrvocalicvowelsignmlym	candrabindumlym
aulengthmarkmlym	candrabindumlym
yapostmlym	candrabindumlym
vapostmlym	candrabindumlym
yapostaltmlym	candrabindumlym
vapostaltmlym	candrabindumlym
lvocalicvowelsignaltmlym	candrabindumlym
llvocalicvowelsignaltmlym	candrabindumlym

lookup end


lookup	to0951-mlym	single

anusvaramlym	uni0951
visargamlym	uni0951
aavowelsignmlym	uni0951
ivowelsignmlym	uni0951
iivowelsignmlym	uni0951
uvowelsignmlym	uni0951
uuvowelsignmlym	uni0951
rvocalicvowelsignmlym	uni0951
rrvocalicvowelsignmlym	uni0951
aulengthmarkmlym	uni0951
yapostmlym	uni0951
vapostmlym	uni0951
yapostaltmlym	uni0951
vapostaltmlym	uni0951
lvocalicvowelsignaltmlym	uni0951
llvocalicvowelsignaltmlym	uni0951

lookup end


lookup	to0952-mlym	single

anusvaramlym	uni0952
visargamlym	uni0952
aavowelsignmlym	uni0952
ivowelsignmlym	uni0952
iivowelsignmlym	uni0952
uvowelsignmlym	uni0952
uuvowelsignmlym	uni0952
rvocalicvowelsignmlym	uni0952
rrvocalicvowelsignmlym	uni0952
aulengthmarkmlym	uni0952
yapostmlym	uni0952
vapostmlym	uni0952
yapostaltmlym	uni0952
vapostaltmlym	uni0952
lvocalicvowelsignaltmlym	uni0952
llvocalicvowelsignaltmlym	uni0952

lookup end


lookup	to1CDA-mlym	single

anusvaramlym	uni1CDA
visargamlym	uni1CDA
aavowelsignmlym	uni1CDA
ivowelsignmlym	uni1CDA
iivowelsignmlym	uni1CDA
uvowelsignmlym	uni1CDA
uuvowelsignmlym	uni1CDA
rvocalicvowelsignmlym	uni1CDA
rrvocalicvowelsignmlym	uni1CDA
aulengthmarkmlym	uni1CDA
yapostmlym	uni1CDA
vapostmlym	uni1CDA
yapostaltmlym	uni1CDA
vapostaltmlym	uni1CDA
lvocalicvowelsignaltmlym	uni1CDA
llvocalicvowelsignaltmlym	uni1CDA

lookup end


lookup	toCandrabindu_0951-mlym	single

anusvaramlym	candrabindu_0951mlym
visargamlym	candrabindu_0951mlym
aavowelsignmlym	candrabindu_0951mlym
ivowelsignmlym	candrabindu_0951mlym
iivowelsignmlym	candrabindu_0951mlym
uvowelsignmlym	candrabindu_0951mlym
uuvowelsignmlym	candrabindu_0951mlym
rvocalicvowelsignmlym	candrabindu_0951mlym
rrvocalicvowelsignmlym	candrabindu_0951mlym
aulengthmarkmlym	candrabindu_0951mlym
yapostmlym	candrabindu_0951mlym
vapostmlym	candrabindu_0951mlym
yapostaltmlym	candrabindu_0951mlym
vapostaltmlym	candrabindu_0951mlym
lvocalicvowelsignaltmlym	candrabindu_0951mlym
llvocalicvowelsignaltmlym	candrabindu_0951mlym

lookup end


lookup	toCandrabindu_0952-mlym	single

anusvaramlym	candrabindu_0952mlym
visargamlym	candrabindu_0952mlym
aavowelsignmlym	candrabindu_0952mlym
ivowelsignmlym	candrabindu_0952mlym
iivowelsignmlym	candrabindu_0952mlym
uvowelsignmlym	candrabindu_0952mlym
uuvowelsignmlym	candrabindu_0952mlym
rvocalicvowelsignmlym	candrabindu_0952mlym
rrvocalicvowelsignmlym	candrabindu_0952mlym
aulengthmarkmlym	candrabindu_0952mlym
yapostmlym	candrabindu_0952mlym
vapostmlym	candrabindu_0952mlym
yapostaltmlym	candrabindu_0952mlym
vapostaltmlym	candrabindu_0952mlym
lvocalicvowelsignaltmlym	candrabindu_0952mlym
llvocalicvowelsignaltmlym	candrabindu_0952mlym

lookup end


lookup	toCandrabindu_1CDA-mlym	single

anusvaramlym	candrabindu_1CDAmlym
visargamlym	candrabindu_1CDAmlym
aavowelsignmlym	candrabindu_1CDAmlym
ivowelsignmlym	candrabindu_1CDAmlym
iivowelsignmlym	candrabindu_1CDAmlym
uvowelsignmlym	candrabindu_1CDAmlym
uuvowelsignmlym	candrabindu_1CDAmlym
rvocalicvowelsignmlym	candrabindu_1CDAmlym
rrvocalicvowelsignmlym	candrabindu_1CDAmlym
aulengthmarkmlym	candrabindu_1CDAmlym
yapostmlym	candrabindu_1CDAmlym
vapostmlym	candrabindu_1CDAmlym
yapostaltmlym	candrabindu_1CDAmlym
vapostaltmlym	candrabindu_1CDAmlym
lvocalicvowelsignaltmlym	candrabindu_1CDAmlym
llvocalicvowelsignaltmlym	candrabindu_1CDAmlym

lookup end


lookup	toAnusvara-mlym	single

candrabindumlym	anusvaramlym
uni0951	anusvaramlym
uni0952	anusvaramlym
uni1CDA	anusvaramlym
candrabindu_0951mlym	anusvaramlym
candrabindu_0952mlym	anusvaramlym
candrabindu_1CDAmlym	anusvaramlym

lookup end


lookup	toVisarga-mlym	single

candrabindumlym	visargamlym
uni0951	visargamlym
uni0952	visargamlym
uni1CDA	visargamlym
candrabindu_0951mlym	visargamlym
candrabindu_0952mlym	visargamlym
candrabindu_1CDAmlym	visargamlym

lookup end


lookup	toAAvowel-mlym	single

candrabindumlym	aavowelsignmlym
uni0951	aavowelsignmlym
uni0952	aavowelsignmlym
uni1CDA	aavowelsignmlym
candrabindu_0951mlym	aavowelsignmlym
candrabindu_0952mlym	aavowelsignmlym
candrabindu_1CDAmlym	aavowelsignmlym

lookup end


lookup	toIvowel-mlym	single

candrabindumlym	ivowelsignmlym
uni0951	ivowelsignmlym
uni0952	ivowelsignmlym
uni1CDA	ivowelsignmlym
candrabindu_0951mlym	ivowelsignmlym
candrabindu_0952mlym	ivowelsignmlym
candrabindu_1CDAmlym	ivowelsignmlym

lookup end


lookup	toIIvowel-mlym	single

candrabindumlym	iivowelsignmlym
uni0951	iivowelsignmlym
uni0952	iivowelsignmlym
uni1CDA	iivowelsignmlym
candrabindu_0951mlym	iivowelsignmlym
candrabindu_0952mlym	iivowelsignmlym
candrabindu_1CDAmlym	iivowelsignmlym

lookup end


lookup	toUvowel-mlym	single

candrabindumlym	uvowelsignmlym
uni0951	uvowelsignmlym
uni0952	uvowelsignmlym
uni1CDA	uvowelsignmlym
candrabindu_0951mlym	uvowelsignmlym
candrabindu_0952mlym	uvowelsignmlym
candrabindu_1CDAmlym	uvowelsignmlym

lookup end


lookup	toUUvowel-mlym	single

candrabindumlym	uuvowelsignmlym
uni0951	uuvowelsignmlym
uni0952	uuvowelsignmlym
uni1CDA	uuvowelsignmlym
candrabindu_0951mlym	uuvowelsignmlym
candrabindu_0952mlym	uuvowelsignmlym
candrabindu_1CDAmlym	uuvowelsignmlym

lookup end


lookup	toRvowel-mlym	single

candrabindumlym	rvocalicvowelsignmlym
uni0951	rvocalicvowelsignmlym
uni0952	rvocalicvowelsignmlym
uni1CDA	rvocalicvowelsignmlym
candrabindu_0951mlym	rvocalicvowelsignmlym
candrabindu_0952mlym	rvocalicvowelsignmlym
candrabindu_1CDAmlym	rvocalicvowelsignmlym

lookup end


lookup	toRRvowel-mlym	single

candrabindumlym	rrvocalicvowelsignmlym
uni0951	rrvocalicvowelsignmlym
uni0952	rrvocalicvowelsignmlym
uni1CDA	rrvocalicvowelsignmlym
candrabindu_0951mlym	rrvocalicvowelsignmlym
candrabindu_0952mlym	rrvocalicvowelsignmlym
candrabindu_1CDAmlym	rrvocalicvowelsignmlym

lookup end


lookup	toAUlength-mlym	single

candrabindumlym	aulengthmarkmlym
uni0951	aulengthmarkmlym
uni0952	aulengthmarkmlym
uni1CDA	rrvocalicvowelsignmlym
candrabindu_0951mlym	aulengthmarkmlym
candrabindu_0952mlym	aulengthmarkmlym
candrabindu_1CDAmlym	aulengthmarkmlym

lookup end


lookup	toLvowel-mlym	single

candrabindumlym	lvocalicvowelsignaltmlym
uni0951	lvocalicvowelsignaltmlym
uni0952	lvocalicvowelsignaltmlym
uni1CDA	lvocalicvowelsignaltmlym
candrabindu_0951mlym	lvocalicvowelsignaltmlym
candrabindu_0952mlym	lvocalicvowelsignaltmlym
candrabindu_1CDAmlym	lvocalicvowelsignaltmlym

lookup end


lookup	toLLvowel-mlym	single

candrabindumlym	llvocalicvowelsignaltmlym
uni0951	llvocalicvowelsignaltmlym
uni0952	llvocalicvowelsignaltmlym
uni1CDA	llvocalicvowelsignaltmlym
candrabindu_0951mlym	llvocalicvowelsignaltmlym
candrabindu_0952mlym	llvocalicvowelsignaltmlym
candrabindu_1CDAmlym	llvocalicvowelsignaltmlym

lookup end


lookup	toYApost-mlym	single

candrabindumlym	yapostmlym
uni0951	yapostmlym
uni0952	yapostmlym
uni1CDA	yapostmlym
candrabindu_0951mlym	yapostmlym
candrabindu_0952mlym	yapostmlym
candrabindu_1CDAmlym	yapostmlym

lookup end


lookup	toVApost-mlym	single

candrabindumlym	vapostmlym
uni0951	vapostmlym
uni0952	vapostmlym
uni1CDA	vapostmlym
candrabindu_0951mlym	vapostmlym
candrabindu_0952mlym	vapostmlym
candrabindu_1CDAmlym	vapostmlym

lookup end


lookup	toYApostalt-mlym	single

candrabindumlym	yapostaltmlym
uni0951	yapostaltmlym
uni0952	yapostaltmlym
uni1CDA	yapostaltmlym
candrabindu_0951mlym	yapostaltmlym
candrabindu_0952mlym	yapostaltmlym
candrabindu_1CDAmlym	yapostaltmlym

lookup end


lookup	toVApostalt-mlym	single

candrabindumlym	vapostaltmlym
uni0951	vapostaltmlym
uni0952	vapostaltmlym
uni1CDA	vapostaltmlym
candrabindu_0951mlym	vapostaltmlym
candrabindu_0952mlym	vapostaltmlym
candrabindu_1CDAmlym	vapostmlym

lookup end




lookup	splitVedic-mlym	multiple

candrabindu_0952mlym	candrabindumlym	uni0952

lookup end




lookup	music-mlym	ligature

gadotabove	gamlym	uni0307
gadotbelow	gamlym	uni0323
dhadotabove	dhamlym	uni0307
dhadotbelow	dhamlym	uni0323
nidotabove	namlym	ivowelsignmlym	uni0307
nidotbelow	namlym	ivowelsignmlym	uni0323
nidotabove	namlym	uni0307	ivowelsignmlym
nidotbelow	namlym	uni0323	ivowelsignmlym
padotabove	pamlym	uni0307
padotbelow	pamlym	uni0323
madotabove	mamlym	uni0307
madotbelow	mamlym	uni0323
ridotabove	ramlym	ivowelsignmlym	uni0307
ridotbelow	ramlym	ivowelsignmlym	uni0323
ridotabove	ramlym	uni0307	ivowelsignmlym
ridotbelow	ramlym	uni0323	ivowelsignmlym
sadotabove	samlym	uni0307
sadotbelow	samlym	uni0323

lookup end


% haln ------------------------------


lookup	haln-mlym	ligature

nnachillumlym	nnamlym	viramamlym	u 200d
nachillumlym	namlym	viramamlym	u 200d
rrachillumlym	ramlym	viramamlym	u 200d
lachillumlym	lamlym	viramamlym	u 200d
llachillumlym	llamlym	viramamlym	u 200d

lookup end


